# Fake Fund Info Server

## Introduction
This repo uses FakerJs and Express to return fake fund information. 

## Requirements
This is an uncomplicated project, which was written on node 14, but was tested to work on node 8, 10 and 12 too.
By default it runs on port 3000, but you can change this to run on any port you'd like.

## Set up
If you're reading this, you have already unzipped the folder given to you at the time of the interview invite. All you need to do now, is run `npm install` to install dependencies. Thereafter you can run `node server` to run the server. In your browser, if you navigate to http://localhost:3000/api/v1/funds, you should see a list of funds.

If you have access to the repo and are reading this on bitbucket:
clone the repo; in the app folder, run `npm install` then run `node server`

## Configuration
There are two main things to change to configure:
The port on which to run (defaulted to 3000) and the number of fake funds generated (defaulted to 10000). See the server.js files for where to edit them.

## API
Once you have the application up and running, you can get a list of all the funds that were generated by making a request to http://localhost:3000/api/v1/funds (port number should reflect what you have set in server.js).

You can use the query param "term" to filter the list of data. It is case insensitive. So if you make a request as in `http://localhost:3000/api/v1/funds?term=ABC` it should return all the funds with ***fund names*** OR ***tickers*** which contain the string `ABC` or any case variant thereof e.g. `Abc`, `aBc`, `ABc` etc.

Note that the returned results are not sorted in any particular order and you don't have to worry about sorting them, unless asked to.

## Things to note
Everytime you restart the server, the data is regenerated so there won't be consistency in data. This is especially relevant if you're using nodemon or --watch to automatically restart the server on a change to it. If you want consistent data, you can create your own, or copy and save a response from the server in a format that you can easily consume.

Using 10,000 funds should be more than enough for our purposes. Do not use more than 456,976 funds by editing the several places in the code where we have prevented going above 200,000. Even close to that number will make starting up go VERY slowly. And after than number, the server won't start up.
